Project 8 - Submission Form

Please fill in this form and submit it with your Project 8.

Enter no more than 5 user stories that you did for the assignment that you would
like to be graded on. For each story include the following information:

Story number and name:  5 - Activity Feed
Story points:   4
Brief description to see the story in action:   
Push the button labeled Activies on the toolbar to view the 5 most recent
activities in reverse chronological order. Information is obtained on initial
component load, then polled for changes every 10 seconds.

Story number and name:  1 - Extend user profile detail with usage
Story points:   3
Brief description to see the story in action: 
Click on any user to look at their User Detail page and view their most recent
photo and the photo with the most comments on it. Both update upon page reload.

Story number and name:  8 - Sidebar list marks users with new activity
Story points:   3
Brief description to see the story in action:   
Once you log in, sidebar shows the last activities of each user. See your own activity change automatically,
at the top in blue, or log in on the private browser window to see other users' changes reflected in both sessions. 
Information is obtained on initial component load, then polled for changes every 10 seconds.

Story number and name:  2 - Mentions in comments
Story points:   6
Brief description to see the story in action:
Type the "@" symbol when adding a comment to see a dropdown menu of all users, 
select a user from the menu to mention them in your comments. Click on any user 
and their User Detail page will display all the photos under which they are mentioned.

Total Story Points: 16

Marketing Video URL (ensure permissions are set to public viewing):
Included file in folder

Is it OK if we post your Marketing Video URL on the class discussion forum?
[Yes]

Any special instructions for grading (it should be easy for someone to run your
app from a new machine):
The instructions say not to include /compiled and the command list doesn't include
npm run build, so I'm not quite sure how the react is supposed to be compiled... but
P7 didn't have it either and it turned out fine, so this is just making a note that the
react components have to be compiled somehow.